hi-yah bit of an obvious from me last
video just to show you a little bit more
detail on how I done the skimmer for me
pond as you can see this is it here
outside of the pond all it is is a
container are they used to keep nuts and
bolts in and then I drilled a 1/2 inch
wall in the bottom with a screw fit
adapter and connect it to the bottom and
wall pipe Jubilee clip at the end to go
into the pump this is what I could the
connector off is this ballcock valve for
a toilet I just took that off there and
connect to this into the bottom of there
that's how easy it is when it's running
I've got filter pop that in there just
have that end just sort of water this
trickling into there which makes us well
and the pump foot pulls it through this
is the pump I use actually in the water
doing with a bit of a waterfall at the
minute that's just Moxie Jeff and that
runs that fantastic
so like I see it I've just connects to
the the skimmer I'm just quickly enough
which it needs put them in because of
the stuff on the top of the pond already
goes in like that he screws onto the
side of me pond what it just floods in
as the pumps pulling it through very
easy and it hasn't cost us a penny just
everything out of the garage that I had
lying about so helps and give very much